Add Index.validate_dataarray_coord (#10137)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

- Improved compatibility with OPeNDAP DAP4 data model for backend engine ``pydap``. This
  includes ``datatree`` support, and removing slashes from dimension names. By
  `Miguel Jimenez-Urias <https://github.com/Mikejmnez>`_.
- Allow assigning index coordinates with non-array dimension(s) in a :py:class:`DataArray` by overriding

>   :py:meth:`Index.should_add_coord_in_dataarray`. For example, this enables support for CF boundaries coordinate (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :py:meth:`Index.should_add_coord_to_array`. For example, this enables support for CF boundaries coordinate (e.g.,
```
